README.md, before:

# Bounce Insights Coding Challenge Submission

Hi there! My name is Tehsein, this is my submission for the BounceInsights Coding Challenge. I've used React for the frontend, and Node.js with Express for the backend, all styled with Tailwind CSS.

For more information about me and my work, please visit [my website](https://tehseinfiroze.com/).

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have installed the latest version of [Node.js and npm](https://nodejs.org/).

## Setting Up

The application consists of two parts: the backend server and the frontend UI.

### Backend

1. Navigate to the `backend` directory:
   ```bash
   cd backend
    ```
2. Install `dependencies`:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
3. Start the `server`:
    ```bash
    node server.js
    ```

### Frontend

1. Navigate to the `frontend` directory:
   ```bash
   cd frontend
    ```
2. Install `dependencies`:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
3. Run the `frontend` app:
    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

The application is now available on `localhost:3000`

Commit message:

added backend testing (jest) and updated readme

README.md, after:

# Bounce Insights Coding Challenge Submission

Hi there! My name is Tehsein, this is my submission for the BounceInsights Coding Challenge. I've used React for the frontend, and Node.js with Express for the backend, all styled with Tailwind CSS.

For more information about me and my work, please visit [my website](https://tehseinfiroze.com/).

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have installed the latest version of [Node.js and npm](https://nodejs.org/).

## Setting Up

The application consists of two parts: the backend server and the frontend UI.


### Backend

1. Navigate to the `backend` directory:
   ```bash
   cd backend
    ```
2. Install `dependencies`:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
3. Start the `server`:
    ```bash
    node server.js
    ```

### Frontend

1. Navigate to the `frontend` directory:
   ```bash
   cd frontend
    ```
2. Install `dependencies`:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
3. Run the `frontend` app:
    ```bash
    npm start
    ```
### Backend Testing

1. Navigate to the `backend` directory:
   ```bash
   cd backend
    ```
2. Run the `tests`:
    ```bash
    npm test
    ```



The application is now available on `localhost:3000`
